Fix example links in documentation (#62)
potassco/benchmark-tool: docs/examples/runscripts.md

# Runscript Examples

A collection of example runscripts to help you get started can be found in the  
`./runscripts` directory after executing `btool init`.  

> Alternatively you can also find them below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can find them below.
```

      </folder>
      <files path="benchmarks/clasp">
        <add file="pigeons/pigeonhole10-unsat.lp"/>
        <add file="pigeons/pigeonhole11-unsat.lp"/>
      </files>
    </benchmark>

    <project name="clasp-big" job="seq-generic">
      <runtag machine="houat" benchmark="seq-suite" tag="*all*"/>
    </project>

  </runscript>
  ```
</details>

<details>
  <summary>
    runscript-dist.xml
  </summary>
  ```xml
  <runscript output="output">

    <machine name="hpc" cpu="24x8xE5520@2.27GHz" memory="24GB"/>

    <config name="dist-generic" template="templates/seq-generic.sh"/>
    <system name="clasp" version="3.4.0" measures="clasp" config="dist-generic">
      <setting name="one-as" tag="one-as" cmdline="--stats 1" dist_template="templates/single.dist"/>
    </system>

    <distjob name="dist-generic" timeout="1200s" runs="1" template_options="--single" script_mode="timeout" walltime="23h 59m 59s" cpt="4"/>

    <benchmark name="dist-suite">
      <folder path="benchmarks/clasp"/>
    </benchmark>

    <project name="clasp-one-as" job="dist-generic">
      <runtag machine="hpc" benchmark="dist-suite" tag="*all*"/>
    </project>

  </runscript>
  ```
</details>

> `runscript-all` is a try to create a runscript using all available features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`runscript-all` is an attempt to create a runscript using all available features..
```
